README.md, before:

# Referenceable Scriptables

The Addressables package has a limitation when used in conjunction with a Scriptable Object (SO) in Unity.

If an SO is loaded via Addressables, the SO and any references to other assets inside are baked into the Addressables asset library, such that they are effectively copies of the original assets. At runtime, this means that the same SO referenced directly in a scene and that loaded by Addressables are actually two separate instances.

One solution is to load all SOs via Addressables. But if you can't do that, or don't want to do that, your options are a bit limited. Enter this package, which allows you to treat SOs like Addressables, putting them anywhere in your project, checking a box and loading them by a key, leveraging the Resources folder automatically to ensure any scene/prefab references to an SO refer to the same instance and you get the results your expect.

#### To-do list:
- [✔] Generate a "database" with a guid->path table that all refable scriptables can reference into via their own guid as a key. This keeps the keys stable, while paths might change.
- [✔] A dropdown selector for all refable scriptables existing in the table, which you can use as a serialized field in the inspector to load refable scriptables easily (by name of asset).
- [ ] A window that shows all Referenceables and lets you uncheck them from the list, removing them.

Commit message:

1.1.1 - Fix issues with serialized dictionary not deserializing properly, "Delete All <Type>" button per-type in the Referenceables Management editor window

README.md, after:

# Referenceable Scriptables

The Addressables package has a limitation when used in conjunction with a Scriptable Object (SO) in Unity.

If an SO is loaded via Addressables, the SO and any references to other assets inside are baked into the Addressables asset library, such that they are effectively copies of the original assets. At runtime, this means that the same SO referenced directly in a scene and that loaded by Addressables are actually two separate instances.

One solution is to load all SOs via Addressables. But if you can't do that, or don't want to do that, your options are a bit limited. Enter this package, which allows you to treat SOs like Addressables, putting them anywhere in your project, checking a box and loading them by a key, leveraging the Resources folder automatically to ensure any scene/prefab references to an SO refer to the same instance and you get the results your expect.

#### To-do list:
- [✔] Generate a "database" with a guid->path table that all refable scriptables can reference into via their own guid as a key. This keeps the keys stable, while paths might change.
- [✔] A dropdown selector for all refable scriptables existing in the table, which you can use as a serialized field in the inspector to load refable scriptables easily (by name of asset).
- [✔] A window that shows all Referenceables and lets you uncheck them from the list, removing them.
- [✔] Fix issues with serialized dictionary not deserializing properly
- [✔] "Delete All <Type>" button per-type in the Referenceables Management editor window
